# **Rebekkah Jou**
*she/her*

## **About**
As a growth-oriented software engineer with a team mindset, I am looking to leverage my communication and leadership skills alongside my technical repertoire to develop scalable and high-quality software. As a software engineer at a educational non-profit, I have gained full stack experience in Angular, Typescript, MongoDb and PostgreSQL, and more. I have also been able to contribute to a passion of mine, helping bring equity to students and providing educators the resources they need to best help their students succeed, through creating features that provide educators the data they need in an intuitive format so that they can address student needs. Creating these features, from designing back end data schemas and the requests for that data to serving the information on an intuitive user interface in an understandable and user-friendly format, has helped me learn the various aspects of software design. As our group has expanded to serve more students in more areas, I seen first-hand the importance of reusability and scalability, while balancing the need to avoid overcomplication. Knowing my work contributes to helping students has driven my learning and built on my innate desire to continuously improve my technical skills.

Before switching careers through taking a bootcamp from the Grace Hopper program at Fullstack Academy, I worked in educational publishing as an editor at a testing development and grading company. Leading several editorial projects gave me the ability to organize small teams in accomplishing complex projects, and seeing both the broad-scale vision and individual tasks needed to bring such projects to fruition. Teamwork was a major part of my previous career as an editor, from working one-on-one with content specialists to help them refine complex material into grade-appropriate education assessment questions, to working with a team of editors in proofing and laying out materials, to being part of a company-wide effort to produce high-quality assessments. Much as I learned multiple style guides and software systems for editing content in my previous career, I am excited to be learning new tech libraries and languages as a software developer. My foundation in communication, teamwork, flexible switching of contexts, and attention to detail continue to drive my development as an engineer, and my continued passion for learning makes me excited to see what new skills and technologies I will learn and incorporate into my work in the future.

## *Tech stack*
Angular, Typescript, HTML5, CSS, SCSS, Git, JavaScript, Node.js, Express, MongoDb, PostgreSQL, Knex, GraphQl, D3, DustJS, React, Redux, React & Redux hooks, React Native, Mocha, Chai, Jest, Hapi

[*Find me on LinkedIn*](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rebekkah-niles-jou/)
